generally recommend using remote bindings over `--remote` (#25256)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/browser-rendering/platform/wrangler.mdx

const browser = await puppeteer.launch(env.MYBROWSER);
```

> Run `npx wrangler dev` to test your Worker locally (you can also set the browser binding as a [remote binding](/workers/development-testing/#remote-bindings) to test use the actual remote browser rendering feature).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run `npx wrangler dev` to test your Worker locally. You can also set the browser binding as a [remote binding](/workers/development-testing/#remote-bindings) to test against a remote browser.
```
